multiple pages: rephrase without adjectives (#3846)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bmaptool.md

# bmaptool

> > Create or Copy blockmaps intelligently (designed to be faster than `cp` or `dd`).

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Create or copy block maps intelligently (designed to be faster than `cp` or `dd`).
```
